<chapter id="menu-reference">
<title>Menu Reference</title>
<para>This Chapter is a quick reference of the commands found in Umbrello's menus.</para>
<sect1 id="file-menu">
<title>The File Menu</title>
<sect2>
<title>New</title>
<para>Creates a new Model (new Document). If you have made changes to your current
Model you will be asked if these should be saved before creating the new document.
</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Open</title>
<para>Opens an existing file. If your current file has been modified, you will have the option
of saving your document before opening the new file.
</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Open Recent</title>
<para>Opens one of the most recently used documents. If there are any changes that need to be saved
before loading the new document, you will have the option to do so.
</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Save</title>
<para>Saves the current document to disk. If the file has not been saved before, you will have
to specify a name and a path for the file.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Save As...</title>
<para>Saves the current document under a different name or in a different location</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Close</title>
<para>Closes the current document. If the file needs to be saved you will have the option to do
so before closing the document. When you close the current document Umbrello will automatically
create a new, empty document</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Print</title>
<para>Prints the current diagram</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Quit</title>
<para>Exits the application. If the current document has been modified you have the option of saving
your changes before terminating Umbrello</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

<sect1 id="edit-menu">
<title>The Edit Menu</title>
<sect2>
<title>Cut</title>
<para>Cuts the currently selected objects and puts them into the clipboard.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Copy</title>
<para>Copies the selected objects to the clipboard.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Paste</title>
<para>Pastes the contents of the application clipboard</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Select All</title>
<para>Selects all the items in the current diagram</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Delete Selected</title>
<para>Removes the currently selected items from the Diagram.</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

<sect1 id="diagram-menu">
<title>The Diagram Menu</title>
<sect2>
<title>New</title>
<para>The <guisubmenu>New</guisubmenu> submenu allows you to create the different types of diagrams.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Show</title>
<para>The <guisubmenu>Show</guisubmenu> submenu allows you to select one of your diagrams and makes it
the active diagram.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Clear Diagram</title>
<para>Clears (deletes) the contents of the active diagram.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Snap to Grid</title>
<para>Aligns the elements in the active diagram to the grid.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Show Grid</title>
<para>Shows the grid for the current diagram.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Delete</title>
<para>Deletes the active diagram.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Export as Picture...</title>
<para>Exports the active diagram as a PNG picture.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Properties...</title>
<para>Shows the properties dialog for the active diagram.</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

<sect1 id="code-menu">
<title>The Code Menu</title>
<sect2>
<title>Import Classes...</title>
<para>Allows you to import classes from programming source code into your Model.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Code Generation Wizard...</title>
<para>Shows a wizard to guide you through the process of Code Generation.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Generate All Code</title>
<para>Immediately generates code for all classes in your Model, using the parameters configured
in the Code Generation settings.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Class Wizard...</title>
<para>Shows a wizard to guide you through the creation of new classes in your Model. The new classes
will be added to your Model into the Tree View, but not to any diagram.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Active Language</title>
<para>Allows you to select the active language, which will be used as default for Code Generation.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Add/Remove Generation Languages...</title>
<para>Shows a dialog to add or remove languages found in your Code Generation plug-ins.</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

<sect1 id="settings-menu">
<title>The Settings Menu</title>
<sect2>
<title>Show Toolbar</title>
<para>Shows or Hides the toolbar.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Show Statusbar</title>
<para>Shows or Hides the statusbar.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Show Documentation</title>
<para>Shows or hides the documentation window.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Configure Umbrello...</title>
<para>Allows you configure many aspects of the application.</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>

<sect1 id="help-menu">
<title>The Help Menu</title>
<sect2>
<title>Umbrello UML Modeller Handbook</title>
<para>Shows this user manual for Umbrello.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>What's this</title>
<para>Sets the mouse cursor to the <guimenuitem>What's this</guimenuitem> tool, with which you can
get information of some elements in the user interface.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>Report bug</title>
<para>Gives you information about how to report a bug found in Umbrello.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>About Umbrello UML Modeller</title>
<para>Displays About information on Umbrello, including copying information.</para>
</sect2>
<sect2>
<title>About KDE</title>
<para>Displays About information on KDE, the desktop environment Umbrello is designed for.</para>
</sect2>
</sect1>
</chapter>
